# Tensorflow Repos

#### A3C
https://github.com/miyosuda/async_deep_reinforce 

#### AlexNet
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/3%20-%20Neural%20Networks/alexnet.py 

#### Autoencoders
Standard, denoising and variational autoencoders
https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/autoencoder

#### Bidirectional RNN (discriminative)
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/3_NeuralNetworks/bidirectional_rnn.py 

#### Caption Generator
For still images
https://github.com/jazzsaxmafia/show_and_tell.tensorflow 

#### Character-level Language Model with LSTM (generative)
https://github.com/sherjilozair/char-rnn-tensorflow 
	Includes multi-layer LSTM, RNN and GRU.
https://github.com/carpedm20/lstm-char-cnn-tensorflow 
	Includes:
Perplexity
Batch normalization
Highway network
Convolutions
https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/namignizer 

#### CNN
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/3_NeuralNetworks/convolutional_network.py 

#### Convolutional Autoencoder 
https://github.com/pkmital/tensorflow_tutorials/blob/master/notebooks/09_convolutional_autoencoder.ipynb 

#### Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)
https://github.com/carpedm20/DCGAN-tensorflow 

#### DeepDream
https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/master/tensorflow/examples/tutorials/deepdream/deepdream.ipynb 

#### Deep Q Learning
https://github.com/nivwusquorum/tensorflow-deepq 
https://github.com/DeepLearningProjects/DeepLearningFlappyBird 
https://github.com/devsisters/DQN-tensorflow 

#### Discriminative RNN	https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/3_NeuralNetworks/recurrent_network.py 
http://danijar.com/introduction-to-recurrent-networks-in-tensorflow/ 

#### Dropout
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/0.6.0/tutorials/mnist/pros/index.html 

#### End-to-end Memory Network (language modelling)
https://github.com/carpedm20/MemN2N-tensorflow 

#### Fizz-buzz
https://github.com/joelgrus/fizz-buzz-tensorflow 

#### Generative Adversarial Nets
https://github.com/ericjang/genadv_tutorial/blob/master/genadv1.ipynb 

#### Generative Handwriting
https://github.com/hardmaru/write-rnn-tensorflow 

#### Highway Network
https://github.com/fomorians/highway-cnn 

#### Inception Architecture
https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/inception 

#### Ladder Network
https://github.com/rinuboney/ladder 

#### Logistic regression
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/2%20-%20Basic%20Classifiers/logistic_regression.py 
#### Loss visualization
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/5%20-%20User%20Interface/loss_visualization.py 

#### MLP
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/3%20-%20Neural%20Networks/multilayer_perceptron.py 	
#### Multi-GPU
https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples/blob/master/examples/4%20-%20Multi%20GPU/multigpu_basics.py 

#### Neural Algorithm for Artistic Style
https://github.com/ckmarkoh/neuralart_tensorflow 
https://github.com/anishathalye/neural-style 
https://github.com/woodrush/neural-art-tf 

#### Neural Turing Machine
https://github.com/carpedm20/NTM-tensorflow 

#### Parser
https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/syntaxnet 

#### Residual Network
https://github.com/pkmital/tensorflow_tutorials/blob/master/notebooks/10_residual_network.ipynb 
https://github.com/ry/tensorflow-resnet 

#### Semi-supervised Discriminative CNN-LSTM 
https://github.com/gschengcong/Semi-Supervised-CNN-for-Sentiment-Analysis 

#### Sequence to Sequence: Video to Text
https://github.com/jazzsaxmafia/video_to_sequence 

#### Sketch RNN (generative)
https://github.com/hardmaru/sketch-rnn

#### Spatial Transformer Network
https://github.com/tensorflow/models/tree/master/transformer

#### Translation
From modern English to Shakespeare 

#### VAE-GAN Draw
https://github.com/ikostrikov/TensorFlow-VAE-GAN-DRAW 

#### Word2Vec
https://github.com/nlintz/TensorFlow-Tutorials/blob/master/8_word2vec.py 
Includes NCE
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r0.7/tutorials/word2vec/index.html 
Skip-gram model	
Includes NCE

#### Word-level language model (generative)
https://github.com/hunkim/word-rnn-tensorflow 
